Programming Assignment: Week 2 - Fashion MNIST Classifier<br>

This week you created a basic handwriting classifier that was trained on the MNIST dataset. For your exercise, you’ll do something very similar -- but working with the Fashion MNIST dataset. 

In this exercise, you will try to build and train a neural network that can classify the images in the Fashion MNIST dataset. 

Use Brackets to open the C1_W2_Assignment.js file found in the following folder in the GitHub repository:

[tensorflow-2-public/C1_Browser-based-TF-JS/W2/assignment/](https://github.com/https-deeplearning-ai/tensorflow-2-public/tree/main/C1_Browser-based-TF-JS/W2/assignment)

Follow the instructions given in the code and fill-in the missing code in the parts labeled:

// Your Code Here

Once you have filled-in the missing code, run the fashion-mnist.html file in the Chrome browser using the Web Server. Once you have trained your model, and ran the code successfully, the code will automatically download your model and its weights to your downloads folder. It is important to note that your browser might prompt you to allow multiple files to be downloaded. If this happens, allow the browser to download multiple files. 

Once the files have been downloaded, you must upload these two files in a single Zip file to be graded. This single Zip file must only contain 2 files: 

1. my_model.json: Contains the model architecture, i.e. the type and size of each layer.
2. my_model.weights.bin: Contains the weights of the model. 

Good Luck!